#### Thessaloniki Ruby Meetup 27

Share   | http://git.io/thessrb-27                                       |
------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
When    | Monday 14 April 2014 @ 19:00 - 21:00
Twitter | #thessrb
Where   |
Map     |
Title   | Introduction to Ruby
By      |

### Summary

Ruby is a dynamic, open source programming language with a focus on
simplicity and productivity. It has an elegant syntax that is natural to
read and easy to write. This presentation is an introducion to the
language.

### About the speaker

Vassilis Rizopoulos has been dabbling in software engineering for over
15 years now. In this decade and a half what started as a hobby of a
would-be electrical engineer became full time occupation. He specializes
in "software productivity engineering", a catch all term for the role
that integrates the development environment, test automation, continuous
integration and deployment, devops and general behind the scenes tooling
that enables software teams to concentrate on actually producing useful
software. His language of choice is Ruby and has been for the past dozen
of years, but he also has several C and C++ embedded projects under his
belt as well as a few C# .NET projects. Most of his professional career
has been spent working for large industry firms doing really close to
the metal stuff, from devices smaller than an Oreo cookie to as large as
60-ton locomotives. He is one of the co-founders and organizers of
[thessaloniki.rb][1] the Thessaloniki Ruby Users group and also had the
luck to be part of the organizing committee for [EuRuKo 2013][2] that
took place in Athens. Whatever free time remains between deadlines and
family life goes into open source projects mainly in the Ruby community
with the lion's share reserved for [rutema][3]

#### Presentation

* [...]

#### Notes

* [...]

[1]: https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/117820512877082997368/117820512877082997368/posts
[2]: http://euruko2013.org
[3]: http://github.com/damphyr/rutema

