#### Thessaloniki Ruby Meetup 34

Share       | http://git.io/thessrb-34
----------- | ------------------------
When        | Friday 23 January 2015 @ 19:00 - 21:00
Twitter     | [#thessrb](https://twitter.com/search?src=typd&q=%23thessrb)
Where       | City College, Auditorium, Leontos Sofou 3, **5th Floor**
Map         | http://goo.gl/maps/Qec7e
Title (1st) | Development in Real Life
By          | Nicolas Fränkel
Title (2nd) | Does Java need rubies?
By          | Petros Amiridis
RSVP        | ?
FB          | ?

#### Schedule

Time          | Duration | Action
------------- | -------- | -----------------------------
18:45 - 19:00 | 15 min   | Organizers & speakers arrive
19:00 - 19:15 | 15 min   | Attendants arrive
19:15 - 19:30 | 15 min   | Rubyzino
19:30 - 20:30 | 60 min   | Main presentation
20:30 - 20:45 | 15 min   | Questions
20:45 - 21:00 | 15 min   | Closing & networking

#### Summary of "Development in Real Life"

This talk (delivered online via skype or google hangout) "Development in real life" is targeting students, junior or even senior developers. It's not a technical talk, no coding or hands-on and it discusses how is it in real life to work as a developer.

#### About Nicolas Fränkel

Nicolas Fränkel, is a Software Architect with +12 years experience consulting for many different customers, in a wide range of contexts (such as telecoms, banking, insurances, large retail and public sector). He's generally focused on Java and JavaEE technologies, but he has narrowed interests like Software Quality, Build Processes and Rich Internet Applications. He's currently working for a eCommerce solution vendor leader. He also double as a teacher in universities and higher education schools, and a trainer for experienced pros, and triples as a book author. - See more at: http://blog.frankel.ch/

#### Summary of "Does Java need rubies?"

Everyone needs rubies, or not? If you are a Java developer, a Ruby developer, or a curious developer, come and find out.

#### About Petros

Petros is a supportocat at GitHub. He graduated in 1998 from City College in Thessaloniki, and worked as a programmer until the fall of 2010 when he joined GitHub's technical support. He loves support and teaching programmers how to work better. He loves programming for fun. During his career he used Turbo Pascal, Delphi, Oracle PL/SQL, Java, C#, and Ruby. He is one of the co-founders of Thessaloniki Ruby Meetup.
